fix: MD039/no-space-in-links (#2504)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/view-guests.md

View guest users in a team
==========================

> Anyone in a team can see all members of a team, including guests, via **Manage team** in Microsoft Teams. [See who's on a team or in a channel](https://support.office.com/article/see-who-s-on-a-team-or-in-a-channel-5c6be9be-9c45-4a0f-a1a0-f332b23cb6b7) has more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone in a team can see all members of a team, including guests, via **Manage team** in Microsoft Teams. Refer to [See who's on a team or in a channel](https://support.office.com/article/see-who-s-on-a-team-or-in-a-channel-5c6be9be-9c45-4a0f-a1a0-f332b23cb6b7) for more details.
```
